So, now we want to run this project. 
We need to figure out how this is going to work
First I need to figure out how docker compose work
there are too many unknown information,
we need to find the most information for us now
Let's try to figure out how dockerfile work
If we understand everything,
that means we waste a lot of time and resource,
Which means we only need to know how to run it
only if we need to figure out how it work, 
suppose we unbox the blackbox

Okay, so what are we suppose to do?

OK， that means there are other issues. 
And we needs to start from bottom to understand how it is going to 
Let's skim through the test
I mean is this a great idea.
Because it is of course a terrible idea if we understand everything
I mean we could quickly input into chatgpt and understand the basic meaning 

OK, that is a lot of info, and we definietly need to break it apart. 
First, there are some keywords we needs to understand,
 there is a backend structure we need to understand,
Okay, first let's list out the keywords

Redis,Celery Worker, PostgreSQL 

That is probably not a good way to work on this. 
The thing is, if we understand everything. It gonna take time
Time is a very valuable resource. 
So, uhh, the best way is to run the basic,
and then come back and search for specific

Okay, so let's keep working on the dockerfile

Yes, we indeed succesfully working on docker. 
So uhh, what do we need. 

uhh， bro. I need a way to be motivated. 
Listen for story is way too boring
let's keep inference.
Okay, so u think normal work are generally boring 
and definitely not tolerable. 
That is because normal work generally cannot reform the rules
The key idea is to reform the rules.
Because reform the rules we need to know what is the boundary
Boundary is the testing is too boring 
Okay is this true, and why this is boring.
If your only explanation is, 
this is learn new knowledge can not reform the rules
chance are most likely there must be something wrong with the way we are doing it
Recap about how did we learn about the old knowledge.
No matter it is about computer science or inference
The most important is break through impossible
So, if we can create something impossible,
that will be determine as interesting.
Okay, so we have to make our new project impossible
Okay but the problem is the old way to do it is still impossible
I didn't know how to make a website, we don't familier with how website building work
but now we do know how website building work
Or, this assumption is completely wrong. We are boring because information density
Inference and early computer is interesting because their insane information density
but as we progress, the information density decrease dramatically
So the problem is how to increase the information density
The basic tutorial is necessary. We have to learn about the idea.
We are struggle with the basic tutorial. 
I mean how did the project have such huge amount of information density
Okay, the problem is copy and paste. It is because black box.
Probably the best way is to run other people code and try to do implantation
OKay, that is not crazy hard

Okay, so no matter what this is just way too boring
Let's work on the it 

I don't really know what exactly happened,
but the issue is still energy problem, Bruh
It is not a big deal, so long as we make progress
Okay, so no matter what we do. 
As long as we start to make mistake. 
Problem going to show up.
Now everything become extremely simple. 
I mean we have to start to make changes for our chronoes code
Not a big deal, 
just remember you don't have to build everything start from scratch
okay, what the issue here. You need to understand our system work smoothly during skiing
Which means the problem exist in feedback loop
we get the feedback too slow
Okay no matter what, let's start to build a website for a while, then chronos
That deos sounds like a good plan 

Okay I kinda understand how is this work
It start by building a schema and tasks file.
This is actually a very standard pipline. 
But the problem is, where is celery worker
okay we found it, it is been embeded inside of the task

I mean, now we could start to look at how other section work together

Okay, problem found. We found we are not very clear with how dockerfile work
Let's download a repo to understand docker file

So dockerfile resposible for building environments

Okay, it doesn't matters, u just have to create new environment. Or it is going to cause a lot of conflicts
Okay, so there are several things exist. First I don't know why but I think we need a rest.
 For some reason, I did consume a lot of energy. Second issue is How do we be able to found bug? 
I want to tell u brain. It is very possible that our strategy is terribe.
 So, it is not importnat wheter we finish or giving up

Okay, so now the problem is the port is already allocated. 
And we know the port is 5432
The old issue, probably the issue lie in 5432, some other process is working on this port

Okay, so this is a very vague question. 
But this must have something to do with working directory
I mean we definietly could keep going through this the bug and find the error
Or we could redefine the question
The error means the directory in the container is fxxked up
so we need to learn how to debug the diretory and also where did each been used
Ok, this problem is way too vague too. We know we have fxxked up the directory
But we indeed don't know what is wrong over here
Okay, we do know the our base location is app
I mean the best way for us to learn is to learn about how container location work 

Okay now the problem become ambiguous again, 
I mean now we understand that the container did not copy correctly

Okay, so there are a lot of issues exist
Why is everything my responsibility

Okay, so what should we do now.
Let's brainstorm how this is going to work out
We are going to keep running our docker project

So as u can see, it is the old problem
It is very clear that the container space have no file app
This is very strange. 

Alright, so the problem is there are way too many ambiguities

I am really strong bro
All I need to do is to reduce ambiguity
Okay, so let's distill a little

Okay so for now I don't see whole lot of difference
Now, there are a lot ambiguity
That means there are some default understanding we missed
So we should understand how a container is been started

Okay, there are some default setting that is wrong. There are many ambiguities
Bro, how do u suppose to define the problem

Probably the ambiguities does not exist.

If we switch fast enough, such problem will not exist
OKay, let's try to switch context. 


Okay, so we assume that chatgpt knows the answer 
If we don't know much about 

I mean we can even explore 

This is actually a very terrible idea, 
what you should do is to cut the documentation and run individually

Bro, u know that boss is not going to pay for this. 
So the problem is actually lying on the floor, understand each section

I mean I am kinda rigt, as long as we can get the feedback fast enough
We most likely will be fine

Your feedback is actually wrong

Okay, so there are two way

Okay there is an issue, circular import issue.
The problem with such issue
Find a way to test the structure, distill a new rule to deal withe problem
First, if u see two module are deep inside the root, and circular import
U should start to use 